From:
DmozHealth samples: 7, 10, 15, 29, 30, 43,  54
-------------

Welcome to National Organizations for Youth Safety ho mepage, where
we&nbsp;empower young adults to educate their peers about issues
including teen obesity, underage drinking, teen dating, and teen
driver s afety. &nbsp; About Us: Learn about NOYS, and our mission to
promote nationwide&nbsp;awareness about youth health and safety issues
such as&nbsp;teen d rug abuse&nbsp;and school bullying. &nbsp;
AlumNOYS: Meet our AlumNOYS, youth leaders who design and develop
youth safety&nbsp;initiatives across the c ountry! &nbsp; Brochure:
Find out more about participating in&nbsp;youth safety&nbsp;programs
and events by downloading our NOYS &nbsp;brochure. &nbsp; Bylaws: Read
the NOYS bylaws to find out how to get involved with our
nationwide&nbsp;coalition of youth safety advocates. &nbsp; Choose
Respect: Fin d teen dating advice from this program that works to
combat unhealthy relationships among teenagers. &nbsp; Contact Us:
Contact NOYS for more informati on about promoting healthy lifestyles
for youth ages 5-24 in your community. &nbsp; Directions:&nbsp;Get
driving directions to NOYS headquarters, conve niently located in
Gainesville, Virgina. &nbsp; Health &amp; Wellness: Learn more about
how NOYS promotes healthy lifestyles among youth through commun ity
programs and events. &nbsp; History: See the history of National
Organizations for Youth Safety,&nbsp;and read&nbsp;how our coalition
has expanded since its 1994 inception. &nbsp; Injury Prevention: NOYS
advocates injury prevention among youth by promoting awareness about
school bullying, teen dri ver distractions, and&nbsp;teen drug
abuse. &nbsp; Links &amp; Information: View youth safety resources
from NOYS, and find out how to participate in y outh safety programs
and events in your area. &nbsp; Make Your Parties Rock:&nbsp;Combat
underage drinking and college alcohol abuse with this guide to sober
event planning for parents and teens. &nbsp; Members: Meet members of
National Organizations for Youth Safety, and find out how to get
involved in&nbsp;youth safety&nbsp;events in your area. &nbsp;
National Youth Traffic Safety Month Toolkit:&nbsp;Address&nbsp;teen
driver distractions and find out how to promote teen driver safety in
your community with the NYTSM toolkit. &nbsp; NOYS Board of Directors:
Find contact information for NOYS Board of Directors, and join our
nationwide coalition of youth safety advocates. &nbsp; NYTSM Partners:
View a list of National Youth Traffic Safety Month partners who
participate in events promoting teen driver safety every May. &nbsp;
PayPal: Make a PayPal donation to NOYS, and support local youth safety
initiatives that address issues including childhood obesity, cyber
bullying, and&nbsp;teen drug abuse. &nbsp; Photo Gallery: View photos
from NOYS spo nsored programs and events across the country that
empower youth leaders to educate their peers about youth safety
issues. &nbsp; Programs:&nbsp;Browse NOYS programs that combat issues
facing today's youth such as teen obesity, teen driver distractions,
teen drug abuse, and school bullying. &nbsp; SMA SHED: Learn about
this program&nbsp;that addresses the dangers of teen driver
distractions, teenage alcohol abuse,&nbsp;and&nbsp;underage drinking
and d riving. &nbsp; Speak Out and Make NOYS: Read about NOYS programs
that empower youth to educate their peers about youth health and
safety issues in thei r communities. &nbsp; Stop Bullying Now: Raise
awareness about the dangers of&nbsp;school bullying and cyber bullying
with this program sponsored by Na tional Organizations for Youth
Safety. &nbsp; Substance Abuse: Address issues of teen drug abuse,
college alcohol abuse, and underage drinking in your community&nbsp;at
NOYS programs and events. &nbsp; Support NOYS: Find out the different
ways you can support National Organizations for Youth Safety pr ograms
and events. &nbsp; Traffic Safety: NOYS empowers youth leaders to
develop traffic safety programs that educate their peers about the
importance of&nbsp;teen driver safety. &nbsp; Video Gallery: Watch
videos of NOYS programs and events that address youth safety issues
including teen obesity, tee n dating, school bullying, and&nbsp;teen
drug abuse. &nbsp; What We Do: NOYS influences more than 80 million
young people across the country, promoting issues like injury
prevention, health &amp; wellness,&nbsp;and violence
prevention. &nbsp; Youth Violence: Promote awareness about the dangers
of yout h violence, including abusive teen dating at events and
programs sponsored by NOYS. &nbsp; YOUTH-turn: Learn more about youth
designed programs like YO UTH-turn from National Organizations for
Youth Safety.

-------------

The Washington Health Foundation (WHF) has a rich history of
innovative programs and projects that cha nged the lives of people and
the futures of communities across our state. Whether through direct
service programs, policy development, engagement strate gies,
education, research or the more than 14 million dollars WHF awarded in
grants over the past 20 years – the Foundation has designed, developed
and implemented more than 160 projects to improve people’s health. We
don’t just talk about change – we drive it. And have been doing so
since 1992. You may be surprised to know of the some of the programs
we established. Below are just a few examples.  Did you know that the
Washington Health Foundation was one of the leading activators of the
health care quality movement in our state over a decade ago? Medical
care quality and patient safety initiatives a re certainly now all the
rage among health care providers, governments and issue-specific
coalitions. But in the late-1990s, this was not the case. WHF
initiated a series of education and demonstration programs addressing
health care quality action opportunities, investing over $5 million in
identifying and supporting early innovators willing to engage in this
work. What’s more, the Foundation organized this work with the
strategic intent to spark the health care industry and major health
payers to invest their enormous financial and other resources in this
strategic issue. WHF’s stimulus led to, amon g other efforts, the
Washington State Hospital Association Patient Safety program, the
Puget Sound Health Alliance, and other now nationally-recognized
quality improvement efforts across the state. Now, it is the rare
health leader who doesn’t speak to the need to fix quality in health
care, frequently claiming full credit for the work that was begun well
before their watch began. It has always been our intent to advance our
mission and vision by stimu lating local action, not by taking credit
for our accomplishments. History frequently forgets who was really
responsible for achievements, and that is j ust fine. Many have no
doubt long since forgotten the important role WHF played in making
quality improvement and patient safety a major focus for healt h
providers, insurers and government. But the quality work that is now
going on serves as an excellent example of how our organization's
ability to lead and inspire action will help us one day achieve our
goal of making Washington the Healthiest State in the Nation.
 
-------------

Dr. Sebastian Lattuga is a fellowship trained and board certifie d
Spine Surgeon whose practice is exclusively dedicated to the care and
treatment of patients with spinal disorders.IntroductionDr. Lattuga is
considere d an expert in the surgical and non surgical management of
traumatic and degenerative conditions affecting the spine including
herniated disks, degenera tive disk disease, spinal stenosis,
fractures, and many other conditions.Dr Lattuga has vast experience in
surgical treatment of even the most complicat ed conditions affecting
patients, having successfully helped thousands of patients. He is
considered an expert in fusion surgery, decompression surgery,
minimally invasive surgery and is highly skilled at all of the most
modern, up to date and state of the art procedures required to address
the individu al patient needs.OccupationSpine SurgeonEmploymentNew
York Spinal SpecialistsSpine Surgeon, presentEducationState University
of New York at Stony BrookM edicineUniversity of MiamiMount Sinai
School of MedicinePlaces livedNew YorkHomeHow can people reach you at
home?WorkHow can people reach you at work?

-------------

Thanks for reaching out and offering supplies. Unfortunately, we
cannot take your gift as we deliver medicines and medical supplies. We
appreciate your generosity.

-------------

 I will do my best to bring my daughters to this event, l ove it!
Question: We have gathered some gently used and new boots and blankets
to send to Sandy families. Can we bring these items to Direct Relief
to b e sent along with the personal care kits? Or is there another
location in SB we can take these items to be sent? Thanks so much,

-------------

Measuring urban health 828 millionurban residents live in slum
conditions worldwide Measu ring urban health Interventions on urban
health 11%of the world population are protected by national smoke-free
laws Interventions on urban health Urban health emergencies 600
000deaths occurred worldwide as a result of weather-related natural
disasters in the 1990s Urban health emergencies WKC highlight WHD 2012
Healthy ageing important with increasing life expectancy The world
will soon have more older people than children. I n Japan, the elderly
have surpassed the younger age group since 1997. For World Health Day
2012, WHO will focus on preparing health providers and societ ies to
meet the health needs of older populations.  See 10 facts on ageing
and the life course More on World Health Day 2012: ageing and health
Publications Hidden cities: Unmasking and overcoming health inequities
in urban settings Heat waves, floods and the health impacts of climate
change: A prototype training workshop for city officials

-------------

This was one of the few events dedicated specifically to discussing
health issues. The event aimed to provide practical information on
how to make cities more liveable and to assess and respond to urban
health inequity through intersectoral action (sector collaboration
and coordinat ion)

-------------

Retirees Learn more about raising grandchildren, legal assistance,
elder abuse, home and community assistance, caregivers, long-term
care, prescription drugs, and Circuit Breaker.

-------------

 We plan to bring a health care team of physicians, dentists, nurses,
comp uter specialists, and other professionals to provide medical and
dental treatments to the Cambodian and Vietnamese living in several
villages outside of Phnom Penh, Cambodia. During the late 1970s,
Cambodia suffered one of the worst atrocities in human history. Over
20% of the population was killed. Sin ce then, while Cambodia has been
on the path of recovery, it remains among the �poorest of the poor�
Southeast Asian countries. Many living in Cambodia are in extreme need
of basic medical and dental care but are not able to obtain such
treatment.  As part of our mission, we intend to screen, diagnose, and
treat approximately 2,500 people during our 14-day mission. While in
Cambodia, we will work closely with the local health providers as well
as key community leaders and professionals, sharing with them our
medical and scientific knowledge and providing to them recommendations
on the appropriate app roaches to deliver health care to people in
under-developed countries. Since the inception of WHA just a short
time ago, we have been very gratified by the overwhelming interest in
this project. To date, over thirty professionals have volunteered to
serve on this Cambodian mission. Additional volunteers have been
placed on our alternate list.

-------------

PCBs in schools could impact your child’s ability to learn PCBs in
schools co uld impact your child’s ability to learn Was your child’s
school built before 1979?&nbsp; Find out!&nbsp; If so, a group of
chemicals call ed PCBs may be lurking in the light fixtures.&nbsp;
PCBs were previously used as insulation in electrical equipment until
the federal gove rnment banned their use in 1979 after declaring their
harmful impact on the environment and human health.&nbsp;
Unfortunately, they contin ue to be a hazard in buildings because old
light fixtures containing PCBs degrade as they age, leaking on to
nearby surfaces or evaporatin g into the air and compromising indoor
air quality.  Exposure to PCBs can cause a wide range of adverse
health effects including skin irri tation, reproductive and
developmental effects, immune effects, and liver damage.&nbsp; PCBs
have a unique characteristic that allows them to accumulate in the
fatty tissue of humans, remaining in our bodies and causing damage
over time.&nbsp; According to the EPA, the data s trongly suggests
that PCBs are probable human carcinogens.&nbsp; If students or faculty
are exposed to PCBs, it can pose short or long-ter m health
effects.&nbsp; Of greatest concern in a school setting is that PCBs
can negatively impact a child’s ability to learn and remember .&nbsp;
We want our kids to have the best learning environment in order to
reach their potential! To find out if your child’s school is fr ee of
&nbsp;PCBs, ask your school principal or local school district about
the age of the school and if it has undergone lighting replacem ent
renovations.&nbsp; If the school was built prior to 1979, it could
have fluorescent light fixtures that contain PCBs.&nbsp; Find out i f
light fixtures have been removed or replaced after 1979.&nbsp; If the
light fixtures have NOT been replaced, contact your principal to r
equest replacement of the PCB contaminated light fixtures and provide
them with CHEJ’s PCB fact sheet and information from EPA’s website.
Children are mandated to spend 6-8 hours a day in school.&nbsp;
Shouldn’t they be provided with an optimal learning environment?&nbsp;
The y deserve the right to toxin-free schools!

-------------

 This gate is approved for top of stairs use. If the safety barrier is
used at the top of the stairs to prevent the child from falling down
the stairs it must not be placed on any stair below the level of the
top stair.  &nbsp;If the safe ty barrier is used at the bottom of the
stairs to prevent the child from climbing the stairs, it must be place
on the lowest stair.&nbsp; Once fitted in place, the barrier should be
checked to ensure that it is properly fixed and secure. Always mount
gate with bottom edge at floor level to reduce possibility of a child
or pet squeezing underneath. Make certain ratchet is engaged for final
tightening. Gate is ap proved for top of stairs use, however, all
gates are safer if used at bottom of stairwell.

-------------

Breaking the Cycle One of the saddest facts is that many abused
children grow up to abuse their own children. Think a bout
that... Parents abuse because that is the only style of parenting they
know. Just a little bit of intervention and education can brea k that
cycle forever in a family and for future generations.  Any parent
under enough chronic stress can become an abusive parent. The di
fference between �us&quot; and &quot;them&quot; is achieved through
education, family support and healing through counseling. With just a
little support that can easily be provided by a friend or a volunteer,
child abuse can be stopped cold.

-------------

Diagnosed with Duane-radial ray syndrome — a condition so rare that
scant research on it e xists — the boy has days filled with visits to
various doctors and therapy sessions, all of which he endures with an
ever-present grin. A second-grader at Orland’s Park School, Timmy gets
the rock star treatment from fellow students, his mom, Amy,
said.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;“He is the absolute happiest, most easygoing
boy,” she said.

-------------

Want to help make wishes come true for Louisiana children while
enjoying a great night of fun and friendship?

-------------

Have fresh food delivered to you while accommodating your individual nutritional requirements.

-------------

I highly recommend this product several times a day to my patients for multiple types of disorders.

-------------

I am working on a new beauty and fashion site, which I will tell you
more about soon. I a lso can't wait to see my friends from L.A. this
afternoon. Yesterday, I did the makeup and styling for a fashion shoot
at South Street Se aport in New York, and so I was out quite
late.&nbsp; It was so much fun!

-------------
